---
title: Hiring again...
date: 2005-06-15 16:29:00.00 -8
categories: plans geeky
---
> GURU, Inc. has an immediate opening for a full-time Senior Network Engineer, who will be involved in all aspects of information technology including: user support, PC hardware/software, server hardware/software, network security and infrastructure, backup and recovery systems, and corporate messaging systems. This consulting position will also be responsible for performing upgrades, maintenance of hardware and software systems, providing technical documentation and working with our client’s management regarding IT issues, strategy and solutions. He or she must be an excellent communicator and leader who can nurture strong customer relationships. Our ideal candidate will possess at least 5+ years experience as a Network Administrator or Network Engineer, and have a rounded scope of hands-on knowledge with corporate information systems, including products from Microsoft, Citrix, Cisco, Dell and HP. BA and MCSE certification are preferred, but not required.
>
> GURU, Inc. is a growing Information Technology consulting firm located in Gaithersburg, MD that services the Washington DC metropolitan area. We have built our reputation and success on providing excellent customer service to our quickly expanding client list. If you possess the talents and the desire to be a part of a dynamic team of professionals who hold the bar high on customer satisfaction, then we would like to talk to you. We offer competitive compensation and benefits, as well as an environment that will challenge you daily. Please note that our candidate must also be able to travel extensively within the Washington DC metropolitan area.

We've hired two tech's and an engineer since my [last post](http://www.jokerbone.com/2005/04/27/network-engineerconsultant/). I think there is also mild interest in having an intern/lackey at the office for the summer – if you know anyone appropriate for the position, pass them my way.
