---
title: The shortened url straw men of doom
tags: posts
date: 2009-06-04 10:08:00.00 -8
---
Bastardizing the [Drake
equation](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Drake_equation), if only a fraction of
the people using twitter used it to send urls to each other, and only a
fraction of those urls were artificially shortened by a url shortener, and
only a fraction of those shortened urls were actually hyperlinks to Rick
Astley's _Never Gonna Give You Up_, and only a fraction of those Rick Astley
hyperlinks were in fact not to Rick Astley videos, but instead phishing attack
hyperlinks to _Mills On The Hill Fish and Tackle Shop_ in New Market, MD,
hosted on a RedHat 5 server at a local Mom and Pop ISP compromised and
hardened by multiple attackers over the years but now serving free embedded
javascript with every page inserting iframes from choose-your-own-nationalist-
conspiracy-theory-ok-chinese-attackers, and only a fraction of the twitter
users likely to find such links by searching for hashtags actually click on
them, the Internet as we know it would come to a screetching halt, please
can't someone do something about these urls shorteners?

Still with me?

![The Scarecrow](/images/scarecrow_wizard.jpg)

Some of these arguments are very good, and thorough. Or at least [thorough](http://is.gd/O7SF). Oops, I mean [thorough](http://unweary.com/2009/04/the-security-implications-of-url-shortening-services.html). Most are echos of [As Web communication shrinks, so do links](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_TEC_SHRINKING_URLS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2009-05-31-13-09-39), by Rachel Metz at the AP.

Sorry, skip the foolish advertising business model of free dull razor blades,
with every cut sponsored by _Punch The Monkey_ and jump to the existing url
shortening sites that are trying to reduce the risk posed by our straw man.

Preview images sound cute, I've never used them. I could preview a thumbnailed
malicous pdf for you, would that help?

Auto-unshorteners sound neat too and I've seen twitter clients that use their
API's to some success, but they are just that -- secondary services that some
clients have.

New shorteners like [safe.mn](http://safe.mn/) do more, but how much more? I
was able to validate that safe.mn refused to shorten an old link in my spam
quarantine, but not a new one.

How safe is safe enough? Does our straw man actually have a brain? How much
protection does the culture of associative trust so prevalent on twitter
reduce the risk that a given shortened url will actually be evil?

It won't be the next link you get from a new follow consistent with their
posting history about that-thing-for-which-you-followed-them that gets you. It
will be the next [#amazonfail](http://www.shirky.com/weblog/2009/04/the-failure-of-amazonfail/) meme. It will be thousands of opportunistic spam
accounts bubbling up a [Trending Topic](http://twitter.com/trendingtopics)
with helpful links. Or it will be innocent meme followers, linking to their
blog hosted on the same server as _Mills On The Hill Fish and Tackle Shop_,
or, etc.

Hyperlinks never had any trustworthiness. URL shorteners seem like a great
opportunity to _add_ trustworthiness. Is anyone going that direction?
[Safe.mn](http://safe.mn/) seems to be heading in the right direction, but
they make [some bold claims](http://safe.mn/faq/#tests).

