---
title: "2024-09-14 20:01:14.55"
date: 2024-09-14 20:01:14.55 +00
post_uri: https://mastodon.social/users/gravely/statuses/113137685269696623
post_id: 113137685269696623
---
huh, I wonder if I can walk down here


![photograph of san francisco looking north-west from 100-ish Coleridge St downhill, down a driveway with a building to the left and a park to the right. IN the center is a store-bought STOP sign. Under the stop sign is a nice (I guess, if you have to have it) custom sign explaining that there is no way to get to Mission Street (the other side of this block) from here. To the right is a store-bought generic private property sign. At the bottom of the driveway, and this is the new thing, the residents have bought two foot high letters and spelled out PRIVATE PROPERTY along the fence at the bottom of their driveway. if you’ve been descending straight down the hill from Bernal, you’ve heretofore enjoyed:1. mid-block steps through a garden2. a half block of Emerelda Ave3. another set of mid-block steps through a garden4. another half block of Emerelda Ave5. another set of mid-block steps through a garden6. private property signs](/images/113137684592620604.jpeg)

![photograph of san francisco looking north-west from 100-ish Coleridge St downhill, from the same vantage point as the prior photo, but zoomed in on the two foot high letters and that spell out PRIVATE PROPERTY along the fence at the bottom of the driveway. it’d be cool if there was a zip line / gondola across to noe from somewhere along this dumb route.](/images/113137684969729540.jpeg)

