---
source: mastodon
date: 2024-11-07 04:55:59.23 +00
title: "2024-11-07 04:55:59.23 +00"
in_reply_to: 112735849916188773
post_uri: https://mastodon.social/users/gravely/statuses/113439890422927632
post_id: 113439890422927632
---
was in the mood for more Kelly Link and landed on an interview ( [https://bombmagazine.org/articles/2023/12/15/kelly-link-kevin-brockmeier/](https://bombmagazine.org/articles/2023/12/15/kelly-link-kevin-brockmeier/) ) instead. it starts off strong talking about this fun idea of nighttime logic, daytime logic, and dream logic, then they compare book lists fitting each.

warning: it's pretty dangerous if you have a growing-the-to-read-pile-habbit, I picked up three of the books in their lists.


![Kevin BrockmeierIn every workshop I teach, I end up mentioning the distinction you makebetween nighttime logic, daytime logic, and dream logic. It's an idea thatalways generates much curiosity; my students view it as a source not onlyof creative clarity but of creative permission. To begin with, here's my bestattempt at articulating these different storytelling approaches: A narrativepossesses daytime logic when at the end you can say, "This happened,and then this happened, and it makes sense, and I can explain why." Withnighttime logic, you say, "This happened, and then this happened, and itmakes sense, and I can't explain why." And with dream logic, you say,"This happened, and then this happened, and it doesn't make any sense."In other words, daytime logic produces a logical, causal kind of sense,while nighttime logic produces a more mysterious, emotional kind ofsense. Dream logic produces emotion but not sense. Are there ways inwhich you would reshape this explanation for me? What have I missed?Kelly LinkI like your articulation a great deal. I might add that there's somethingabout nighttime logic that produces the sensation in the reader that we arein a space between daylight and dreaming.](/images/113439890169348995.png)

