---
source: mastodon
date: 2025-05-15 18:05:02.01 +00
title: "2025-05-15 18:05:02.01 +00"
post_uri: https://mastodon.social/users/gravely/statuses/114513169744522047
post_id: 114513169744522047
---
The Muni Potrero Yard trolleybus tour was super neato. I've been bike commuting past this station for fifteen years off and on (less so the last five) and it was a special treat to tour around inside where some of the lines I ride the most call home before it is rebuilt into a modern facility.

[https://mastodon.social/@gravely/114449902629389095](https://mastodon.social/@gravely/114449902629389095)


![A photograph looking southwest from the rooftop of the yard where the bus tire shed is, looking down at buses that remain at the full capacity station when most are out on routes. Dozens of SF MTA trolley busses are parked in rows in the foreground, with the closest parked next to what I learned are giant industrial vacuums that are not used anymore. The top half of the photo is a blue sky with whispy white clouds. Sutro tower, an SF landmark, is recognizable on the horizon to the right.](/images/114513168691893133.jpeg)

![A bulletin board of notices for route operators of the routs that are homed in this staion. Hand cut red letters are taped to the top which say POTRERO STATIONclipboards for six lines are mounted on the board under white paper with red lettering indicating the line they correspond do.From left to right:5R - LINE, 6 - LINE, 14 - LINE, 22 - LINE, 30 - LINE, 49 - LINEI take the 14 and 49 very frequently, I used to take the 22 less frequently and now infrequently but it is a critical line to me when I need. Love to see this!](/images/114513169087323127.jpeg)

![A printed notice to operators pinned to the board which I cropped to not display anyone’s names or dates. All text on the page is capitalized and underlined. A pictogram of a red circle with a red slash (the “forbidden”symbol) has a figure reclining on the red slash and Z z z’s trailing from the mouthAbove:SLEEPERSSTOP BRINGING SLEEPERS TO THE YARD, PERIOD!I love signs like this and type like this. PERIOD!If you haven’t nodded off on a Muni give it a try, it’s a delight, I did on the 12 line heading home from a Giants game only a few days ago! “Wow right before my stop” I thought as I noticed I’d napped a bit.](/images/114513169457446162.png)

